NasdaqGS - BOATS Real Time Price USD\n\n## Palantir Technologies Inc. (PLTR)\n\n150.07 +2.14 (+1.45%)\n\nAt close: 4:0:1 PM EDT\n\n155.08 +5.01 (+3.34%)\n\nOvernight: 10:42:58 PM EDT\n\nChart Range Bar\n\n(left-click to pin tooltip)(right-click to deleteright-click to manage)(long-press to drag)(drag to change anchor time)\n\nChart does not reflect overnight price.\n\nPalantir Technologies continues to show strong growth potential with a **70% increase** in Q4 revenue, but faces ethical scrutiny in the UK and high valuation concerns. Analysts remain cautious ahead of upcoming earnings, with a consensus EPS estimate of **$0.29**.\n\nUpdated 51m ago · Powered by Yahoo Scout\n\n- Previous Close 147.93\n- Open 146.88\n- Bid 149.88 x 400\n- Ask 150.35 x 300\n- Day's Range 144.45 - 150.26\n- 52 Week Range 75.22 - 207.52\n- Volume 27,835,630\n- Avg. Volume 49,365,361\n- Market Cap (intraday) 358.919B\n- Beta (5Y Monthly) 1.67\n- PE Ratio (TTM) 230.88\n- EPS (TTM) 0.65\n- Earnings Date (est.) May 4, 2026\n- Forward Dividend \u0026 Yield --\n- Ex-Dividend Date --\n- 1y Target Est 185.25\n\nPalantir Technologies Inc. builds and deploys software platforms for the intelligence community to assist in counterterrorism investigations and operations in the United States, the United Kingdom, and internationally. It provides Palantir Gotham integrates with other platforms for defense offerings which enables users to see, understand, and act in the modern battlespace; operations centers to the tactical edge; integrating data from domains and sensors in near real-time; and situational awareness and accelerating operational decision-making, as well as facilitates the hand-off between analysts and operational users, helping operators plan and execute real-world responses to threats that have been identified within the platform. The company also offers Palantir Foundry, a platform that helps organizations operate by creating a central operating system for their data; and allows individual users to integrate and analyze the data they need in one place. In addition, it provides Palantir Apollo, a software that delivers software and updates across the business, as well as enables customers to deploy their software virtually in any environment; and Palantir Artificial Intelligence Platform that provides unified access to open-source, self-hosted, and commercial large language models (LLMs) that can transform structured and unstructured data into LLM-understandable objects and can turn organizations' actions and processes into tools for humans and LLM-driven agents. Palantir Technologies Inc. has strategic partnership with Polymarket and TWG AI to develop a next-generation sports integrity platform. The company also has a strategic partnership with Ondas Inc. to develop and deploy AI-enabled operational capabilities to scale stratospheric, aerial, and land-based ISR missions. The company was incorporated in 2003 and is headquartered in Aventura, Florida.\n\n[www.palantir.com](https://www.palantir.com)\n\n4,429\n\n### Full Time Employees\n\nDecember 31\n\n### Fiscal Year Ends\n\nNo compatible source was found for this media.\n\nError Code: 400-4\n\nSession Id: ms49pi6j9efw (Pls: 9feb20e2-6b7d-45e8-883a-d8b7594ec538)\n\nTrailing total returns as of 4/7/2026, which may include dividends or other distributions. Benchmark is [S\u0026P 500 (^GSPC)](https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/%5EGSPC/ \"S\u0026P 500 (^GSPC)\") .\n\n### YTD Return\n\n### 1-Year Return\n\n### 3-Year Return\n\n### 5-Year Return\n\n[View More](https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/PLTR/analysis/ \"View More\")\n\n### Earnings Per Share\n\nQ4 FY25\n\nEstimate +0.23\n\nActual +0.25\n\n[](https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/PLTR/analysis/ \"Earnings Per Share\") \n\n### Revenue vs. Earnings\n\n[](https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/PLTR/analysis/ \"Revenue vs. Earnings\") \n\n[View More](https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/PLTR/analyst-insights/ \"View More\")\n\n### Top Analyst\n\n[](https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/PLTR/analyst-insights/?ratingsScoreType=fin_score#top-analyst \"Top Analyst\") \n\n### Analyst Price Targets\n\n[](https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/PLTR/analyst-insights/ \"Analyst Price Targets\") \n\n### Analyst Recommendations\n\n- Strong Buy\n- Buy\n- Hold\n- Underperform\n- Sell\n\n[](https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/PLTR/analyst-insights/ \"Analyst Recommendations\") \n\n### Latest Rating\n\nDate 3/25/2026\n\nAnalyst Rosenblatt\n\nRating Action Maintains\n\nRating Buy\n\nPrice Action Maintains\n\nPrice Target 200 -\u0026gt; 200\n\n[](https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/PLTR/analyst-insights/#upgrade-downgrade-table \"Latest Rating\") \n\n[View More](https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/PLTR/key-statistics/ \"View More\")\n\n### Valuation Measures\n\nAs of 4/3/2026\n\n- Market Cap\n  \n  355.07B\n- Enterprise Value\n  \n  348.12B\n- Trailing P/E\n  \n  235.65\n- Forward P/E\n  \n  114.94\n- PEG Ratio (5yr expected)\n  \n  2.94\n- Price/Sales (ttm)\n  \n  85.09\n- Price/Book (mrq)\n  \n  48.06\n- Enterprise Value/Revenue\n  \n  77.78\n- Enterprise Value/EBITDA\n  \n  241.72\n\n### Financial Highlights\n\n#### Profitability and Income Statement\n\n- Profit Margin\n  \n  36.31%\n- Return on Assets (ttm)\n  \n  11.60%\n- Return on Equity (ttm)\n  \n  25.98%\n- Revenue (ttm)\n  \n  4.48B\n- Net Income Avi to Common (ttm)\n  \n  1.63B\n- Diluted EPS (ttm)\n  \n  0.65\n\n#### Balance Sheet and Cash Flow\n\n- Total Cash (mrq)\n  \n  7.18B\n- Total Debt/Equity (mrq)\n  \n  3.06%\n- Levered Free Cash Flow (ttm)\n  \n  1.26B\n\nSelect to analyze similar companies using key performance metrics; select up to 4 stocks.","metadata":{"title":"Palantir Technologies Inc. (PLTR) Stock Price, News, Quote \u0026 History - Yahoo Finance","url":"https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/PLTR/","description":"Find the latest Palantir Technologies Inc. (PLTR) stock quote, history, news and other vital information to help you with your stock trading and investing.